OverView:
Shey Phoksundo Lake Trek is a short and relatively easy trip to one of Nepal’s largest and most spectacular lakes. It’s a 7-day trip from Kathmandu, but it could be longer or shorter depending on the number of hours you would like to walk a day. Shey Phoksundo Lake is one of the most iconic tourist destinations in the Dolpo region. In addition, this is the most significant territorial district among many beautiful places in Nepal.

The adherents of Bon-Po religious sects also know the Phoksundo Lake as sacred. It thus makes the trek a beautiful blend of nature and culture. Moreover, Phoksundo Lake is splendid due to the reflecting backdrop of the Kanjirowa massif. Besides, it offers a wide range of spectacular and beautiful landscapes.

Phoksundo Lake is the most important place of nature and lies within the Shey Phoksundo national park. The park is also a habitat for diverse flora and fauna. Thus, Shey Phoksundo National Park is also famous for its medicinal herbs. As a result, the Phoksundo Lake Trek is ideal for those who study botanical science.

Day 1: Arrival in Kathmandu.
When you fly into Kathmandu, you’ll welcome the views of snow-capped mountain peaks. Upon arrival, you’ll be driven to your hotel. If you still have time, visit Thamel, Nepal’s tourist city, or shop for rare trinkets and sightseeing around Boudhanath Stupa and Basantapur Durbar Square in the afternoon.
2	
Day 2: Fly to Nepalgunj
You may wander Thamel’s streets in the morning or visit Dreams Garden, a lush and serene oasis in busy Kathmandu. Today you’ll be heading to Nepalgunj, a city in the western Terai close to the Indian border and doorway to the Western region of Nepal.
3	
Day 3: Fly to Juphal then trek to Dunai
Today, at 2500 meters, you’ll fly to Juphal, the starting point for the trek to Phoksundo Lake. The trail goes southeast up the valley of Thulo Bheri and winds to the village of Kalagaunda through the maize fields. Follow the South Bank of the Bheri River and pass Roop Ghar, a traditional water mill, before reaching Dunai at 2145 meters.
Trek Duration: 3h00
4	
Day 4: Trek to Chhepka
Go down Dunai’s streets and cross the Bheri River Bridge. Follow the northern riverbank towards Sulighat before heading north to the check-out point for Shey Phoksundo National Park. The rocky trail goes up the Serpentine River Suli Ghad to Kageni through hemp trees and then to the tropical forest of walnuts and maples, where you begin to see insights into the culture of Tibet. Next, take on the way to Shyanth village, 8268 feet in the view from fluttering prayer flags, waterfalls, and lush greenery. A further hour and a half climb up the narrow way lead you to Chhepka, a village 2660 meters.
Trek Duration: 6-7h00
5	
Day 5: Trek to Jarana Hotel
Taking the Jharana waterfall early in the morning. The trail goes up to a winter settlement used by the people of Ringmo village through a cedar forest. The route then continues through open fields at Jharana hotel, an altitude of 3370 meters, whereas our stop for the night. A close-up view of the 330 meters stunning Jharana Waterfall–one of the highest in Nepal–will pay you off your efforts with the farthest view of Phoksundo Lake.
Trek Duration: 6h00
6	
Day 6: Trek to Ringmo Phoksundo Lake
You’ll walk up to the top of the Phoksundo River through birch trees as you reach Ringmo at 3460 meters. Follow the trail north towards the ranger station at Phoksundo Lake. Finally, you will push toward the yak-filled meadows of Ringmo, a Tibetan Bons town, where you will stay overnight.
Trek Duration: 4h00
7	
Day 7: Explore Sacred Phoksundo Lake and Tshowa Gompa
Today, you’re going to explore the area around the splendid Phoksundo Lake. Visit the village of Ringmo before heading to Tshowa Gompa, a 900-year-old monastery in Bon on a slope above the lake. Phoksundo Lake is considered sacred by Buddhists and adherents of the Bon religion, who believe the lake comprises an underwater palace and a tantric spirit mandala. The lake is famous for its iconic turquoise color and spectacular scenery. In addition, there are many beautiful glaciers located near and above the lake area.
8	
Day 8: Trek back to Chhepka
Today, head back to Chhepka. Follow a river from the lake towards Sulighad. You cross the village of Renji and the forests of fires and larches along the Sulighat River before you reach Chhepka at 2600 meters.
Trek Duration: 7h00
9	
Day 9: Trek to Juphal
Follow the path to Juphal after breakfast through splendid forests, fields, and villages.
Trek Duration: 6h00
10	
Day 10: Fly to Kathmandu via Nepalgunj
You will fly from Juphal to Nepalgunj early in the morning and then to Kathmandu, where you will take your way to the hotel. In the evening, there is free to enjoy a sightseeing tour or rest in the hotel.


INCLUDED	
All domestic flight, Hotel/Airport transfer
Accommodations in Kathmandu with breakfast
All accommodations in tents and all meals during the treks
All necessary documentation and permits
All ground transportation (as per mention in itinerary)
Professional guide and porters
A First Aid Kits
Applicable Government Taxes


NOT INCLUDED	
International Airfare
Nepal Visa fee (advice to take accurate amount)
Meals in Kathmandu (except breakfast)
Personal Expenses e.g. phone calls, laundry, bar bills & extra porters
Travel Insurance
Tips for Guide and Porter.