OverView:
EBC Chola Pass Gokyo Trek is the adventurous trek into the Everest/ Khumbu region which combines the Everest base camp with the Gokyo valley and the high Chola pass at the elevation of 5420m. This trekking trail offers the stunning views of many Himalayan giants like Mt. Everest (8848m.), Lhotse, Makalu, Amadablam, Kanchenjunga, Nuptse, Mt. Pumori and many more. The natural beauty, rich and unique culture of the Sherpa inhabitants, lush forest, walking over the snow, crossing high pass provides the heavenly pleasure to the visitors which will be the lifetime memory.

Gokyo valley is the remote Himalayan Valley which offers the view of the mountains, Glaciers, Gokyo Lake etc. During the trek, you also get a chance to enjoy the Dumje festival which falls in the month of April and Mani Rimdu Dance, which is performed in the monasteries, of the Sherpa people. The major highlights of this trek are the mountain vistas, Sacred Lakes of Gokyo valley, beautiful River valleys, glaciers, crossing Chola pass etc. 

EBC Chola pass Gokyo Trekking trip commences with a scenic flight to Lukla from Kathmandu. From Lukla, you start our trekking following the Dudh Koshi River valley. You pass through the lush forest of rhododendron and pine, Dudh Koshi valley, Sagarmatha national park, high passes, waterfalls, beautiful Sherpa villages like Phakding, Namche Bazaar, Tengboche, Lobuche, Pheriche etc. Sagarmatha national park is the UNESCO listed heritage site where you can find various flora and fauna and wildlife like snow leopard, red panda, Himalayan thar etc. The warm greeting and the friendly behavior of the Sherpa people add further pleasure to the visitors. In this trek, you also hike to Kala Pattar which is the perfect viewpoint to observe the panorama of Mt. Everest as well as Ama Dablam (6856m.), Kantega (6809m.), Kwangde (6194m.), Mt. Nuptse (7879m.), Mt. Lhotse (8511m.). The best time to go for the Everest base camp trek is from mid-March to May and September to Mid-December.

Itinerary: 
Day 1: Kathmandu
Day 2: Kathmandu to Lukla.
Day 3: Arrived to Phakding ( 2640 m).
Day 4: Namche Bazar(3440m).
Day 5: Tyengboche (3867 m).
Day 6: Dingboche (4260 m).
Day 7: Dingboche to Lobuche(4930m) / Gorokshep(5140m).
Day 8: Gorokshep to Everest Base Camp (5364 m).
Day 9: Everest Base camp.
Day 10: Everest Base camp to Kalapathar(5545m).
Day 11: Reached to Gokyo.
Day 12: Gokyo to Gokyo Ri(5483m).
Day 13: Gokyo to Namche Bazar.
Day 14: Namche Bazar to Lukla.
Day 15: Lukla to Kathmandu.



Cost includes:
Arrival & Departure Transport By private Car/Van/Bus.
Three meals a day during the Trekking (Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner)
Accommodation in Tea House during the Trekking.
Trekking Guide with Insurance
Trekking Porters if needed with Insurance
Flight ticket for guide Kathmandu/Lukla/Kathmandu
Flight ticket for Clients Kathmandu/Lukla/Kathmandu
First Aid kit.
Three nights' Accommodation in Kathmandu 2 Star level hotel with bed- and- breakfast basis, (If you like to have a standard Hotel accommodations please do let us know).
Kathmandu city and trekking maps.
Trekking permit (Conservation fee).
Tims card (Trekking information management system) as like a permit.
Free use Company's duffel bag.
Emergence of helicopter rescue (pay by your insurance)
Day sightseeing around Kathmandu Valley, car/van/bus and tour guide
All needed Government fee.


Cost excludes
International Airfare.
Food in Kathmandu lunch and dinner.
Your travel insurance and Sightseeing entrance fees in Kathmandu
Nepal Visa fee (US$ 40 for 30 days and US$ 25 for 15 days you should get visa open your arrival)
Any kind of drinks.
Tips for Guide and Porters
Donation
Items of personal expenses like hot shower, battery charge, telephone etc.