OverView:
Everest is more than a mountain and the journey to its base camp is more than just a trek. Along a route dubbed by some as "the steps to heaven," every bend in the trail provides another photo opportunity — beautiful forests, Sherpa villages, glacial moraines, and foothills. For active adventurers not afraid to break a sweat, our full trekking support staff will bring you close to local cultures before opening a window to the top of the world.

Everest base camp Trek is admired trekking destination of Nepal where legendry climbers Tenzing Norgay Sherpa and Sir Edmund Hillary took first foot step in 1953. Everest Base Camp trek is dream for any trekkers or adventurers throughout the world who wants to have life time experience of Himalayan region of Nepal. Following the legendry footsteps just below enormous Mt. Everest, this trekking has a lot to offer for the trekkers.

Including Mt. Everest (8848 m), other famous snowcapped peaks can be witnessed such as Mt. Lhotse (8516 m), Makalu (8485 m), Cho-Oyu (8201 m), Island peak (616om), Nuptse (7861 m) and Ama Dablam (6812 m). Though this is challenging and tough for any trekkers, they are rewarded by stunning views of panoramic peaks, Ice falls, Glaciers, landscaped and scenic beauty. Kalapathhar is the best view point from where 360 degree views of Mt. Everest and other peaks can be seen. Sagarmatha National park is another attraction of this trek. Trekkers who have no any trekking experience may find really difficult to complete Everest base camp trek. So inexperienced trekkers should be physically and mentally fit to trek in this route successfully.


Itinerary:
Day 1: Kathmandu
Day 2: Kathmandu to Lukla.
Day 3: Arrived to Phakding ( 2640 m).
Day 4: Namche Bazar(3440m).
Day 5: Tyengboche (3867 m).
Day 6: Dingboche (4260 m).
Day 7: Dingboche to Lobuche(4930m) / Gorokshep(5140m).
Day 8: Gorokshep to Everest Base Camp (5364 m).
Day 9: Everest Base camp.
Day 10: Everest Base camp to Kalapathar(5545m).
Day 11: Trekking to Namche Bazar.
Day 12: Namche Bazzar
Day 13: Namche Bazar to Lukla.
Day 14: Lukla to Kathmandu.

Cost includes:
Arrival & Departure Transport By private Car/Van/Bus.
Three meals a day during the Trekking (Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner)
Accommodation in Tea House during the Trekking.
Three nights Accommodation in Kathmandu with B/B.
Trekking Guide and a proter (Sharing by two clients) with Insurance, food, accommodations.
Flight ticket for guide Kathmandu/Lukla/Kathmandu
Flight ticket for Clients Kathmandu/Lukla/Kathmandu
Sightseeing in Kathmandu valley with car and tour guide
First Aid kit.
Trekking permit (Conservation fee).
Tims card (Trekking information management system) as like a permit.
Free Company's duffel bag.
All needed official fee.

Cost excludes
International Airfare.
Your travel insurance.
Sightseeing entrance fees (25 USD)
Nepal Visa fee (US$ 40 for 30 days and US$ 25 for 15 days you should get visa open your arrival)
Any kind of drinks, items of personal expenses like hot shower, battery charge, telephone, Porters etc.
Tips for Guide and Porters