OverView:
The Ghorepani Poonhill trek is a relatively short and exciting trek allowing you to experience the beauty of the Annapurna region and its rich cultural heritage. The trek culminates at Poon Hill, where we catch sunrise views of Mt Dhaulagiri (8,167m), Annapurna I (8,091m), Mt Fishtail (6,998m), Nilgiri (7,041m), Annapurna South (7,219m), Annapurna II (7,939m), Annapurna III (7,555m) and other surrounding peaks. The Ghorepani trek is one of the most popular in the region, particularly for those without the minimum 2 to 3 weeks needed to walk in the higher Himalayas. The trek, which starts close to Pokhara, can be combined with a trip to Chitwan National Park.

The Ghorepani Poonhill Trek Start Driving to Nayapul, the trek begins from Birethanti after check-in at the Annapurna Conservation Area Permit counter. Over the next few days, we walk, sometimes steeply, through traditional villages and rhododendron forests, eventually making our way to Ghorepani, home of the Magar ethnic group. The next morning we wake up early and make the 40-minute walk up to Poon Hill, where we enjoy fabulous sunrise views of the Annapurna Range. Then we trek down via Tadapani to Ghandruk, which is populated by the Gurung people.

Nepal Hiking Trek recommends the Springtime for this trip so you can see the rhododendron forests in full bloom. However, all seasons are suitable for the Ghorepani Poonhill trek. Please contact us for more details:

Ghorepani Poonhill Trek  best trekking route which we can do 12 month

Outline Itinerary

Day 01Arrival at Kathmandu.
Day 02City tour or free day to explore and shop on your own.
Day 03Drive to Pokhara.
Day 04Drive to Nayapul, trek to Tikhedunga.
Day 05Trek to Ghorepani.
Day 06Hike up to Poon Hill (3,210m), trek to Tadapani.
Day 07Tadapani to Ghandruk.
Day 08Ghandruk to Nayapul, drive to Pokhara.
Day 09Drive from Pokhara to Kathmandu, farewell dinner.
Day 10Departure.

What's included:
 Airport pick-up and drop-off by private car/van/bus.
3 nights accommodation in a 3-star (***) hotel in Kathmandu with the BB plan.
2 nights accommodation in a 3-star (***) hotel in Pokhara with a BB plan.
kathmandu Valley sightseen included Tour Guide with Private Vehicle.
Teahouse accommodations on the trek.
Land transportation between Kathmandu and Pokhara.
Full board meals during the trek (3 times/day tea or coffee, breakfast, lunch, and dinner).
Seasonal fruits during the trek.
Expert, experienced, friendly guide and porter as well as their food, accommodation, salary, equipment, and insurance.
Duffle bag for trek duration.
Pokhara-Nayapul-Pokhara private car. 
All permit Tims card, farewell dinner.

What's not included
International flight tickets.
Travel insurance.
Nepal entry visa.
Cold drinks, snacks, and personal equipment.
Tips for guide, porters and drivers.