OverView:
The Mardi Himal Trek concept of touching the land less touched and walking the trail less explored is the essence of wilderness holiday. If you are looking for the amazing experience of looking at the Annapurna Base Camp below the trail that you are walking and wish to explore the trail densely forested along with the bulk of snow then Mardi Himal trekking is highly recommended among all the routes of trekking in Nepal.

The Mardi Himal trek route in the is youngest trekking trail as it was opened for the trekkers to explore in 2012. Nepal Government had so far protected this virgin land. The trekking in Mardi Himal lies in the eastern part of Annapurna Base Camp adjacent to the Machhapuchhre Base Camp. The trekking experience in this region would be the best trekking trail as it is less known and less crowded in comparison to the Annapurna Base Camp trekking. The time frame for the trekking in this part of the Himalayan nation takes just about 6-7 days which can be compared to that of Ghorepani Poon Hill Trekking. The highlights of the trekking in Mardi Himal is that the trekkers could experience the dense forests, plain land, terraced paddy fields to the bulk of snow. While walking on one of the ridges the views of Annapurna Base Camp lies exactly below and look dwarfed. Since the route is very new the availability of the eateries and lodging is scarce. However, Nepal Hiking Trek team would provide ample services for food and accommodation. This trekking can be done by every age group of people even if the trekking trail consists of ridges and bulk of snow. This week-long trekking would provide the breathtaking views of rural Nepal and the Himalayan range of the Annapurna region. Though the trekking in the Mardi Himal Trek started just in 2012, the visual delights that you get from the trail look stunning and pretty. The sandwiched trekking route between Annapurna Base Camp and Ghorepani Poon Hill trek requires short uphill and downhill. The overall experience in this region worth every penny spent for the trekking as the trail encompasses rural villages, forests, rivers, unique Mongolian tribes and snowcapped mountains with glorified glacial.

Outline Itinerary

Day 01Arrival at Kathmandu.
Day 02Drive to Pokhara .
Day 03Drive to Kande, trek to Forest Camp (5-6Hours)
Day 04Trek to Low Camp ( 4 Hours)
Day 05Trek to High Camp ( 4 Hours)
Day 06Hike to Upper View Point (4,200M), back to High Camp (4.5 Hours)
Day 07Trek to Landruk village ( 6.5 Hours)
Day 08Trek to Nayapul , drive to Pokhara (7 Hours / 1 Hour Drive)
Day 09Drive back to Kathmandu, farewell dinner
Day 10Departure

What's included
 Airport pick-up and drop-off by private car/van/Bus.
2 nights accommodation in a 3-star (***) hotel in Kathmandu with the BB plan.
2 nights accommodation in a 3-star (***) hotel in Pokhara with a BB plan.
Teahouse accommodations on the trek.
Land transportation between Kathmandu and Pokhara.
Full board meals during the trek (3 times/day tea or coffee, breakfast, lunch, and dinner).
Seasonal fruits during the trek.
Expert, experienced, friendly guide and porter as well as their food, accommodation, salary, equipment, and insurance.
Duffle bag for trek duration,Trekking Poles.
Down jacket and sleeping bag.
All permits and Tims (please bring a passport copy and photos).
Government tax, Farewell dinner.

What's not included
International flight tickets.
Travel insurance.
Nepal entry visa.
Cold drinks, snacks, and personal equipment.
Tips for guide, porters and drivers.
Flight options to and from Pokhara in lieu of land transportation.