OverView:
The Tilicho Lake trekking in the highest located glacial Lake of Nepal. This is the best place to witness the glacier lake as well as the mountainous range in the vicinity of the Annapurna Circuit Trekking trail. Nepal Hiking Trek offers this magnificent trekking experience in the Himalayan belt of Nepal.

The trekking in Nepal is mystique affair and this trial supports this fact too. Tilicho Lake trekking starts from the bus driver to the Lamjung Beshisahar. The Lamjung district of Nepal is very significant because of the historical events attached to it. The trekking starts from Beshisahar up to the Khangsar Village similar to the Annapurna Circuit Trekking. For the circuit trekking, the trail leads towards Yak Kharka but for the Tilicho trekking, the trail moves to pass by the Khangsar Village. The glacial lake lies majestically up in the mountains. The views of the Annapurna Mountains, Tent Peak, and other Himalayan ranges can be experienced from the Tilicho Lake. This lake is situated at an altitude of 4919m and regarded as the highest located Lake of Nepal. Once you have been mesmerized by the view of the majestic Tilicho Lake the trek move towards more daunting and challenging passes of the Annapurna Circuit Trekking. The Tilicho Lake to Yak Kharka then passing by the Thorong La Pass (5416m) provides the wilderness adventure experience. Once you have passed the Thorong La then the trip follows the Muktinath Jomsom trail. The view of the Nilgiri on your left and barren Mustang region on your right at the banks of Kaligandaki River helps to forget all the pains endured upon coming to this place. From Jomsom, the trekking ends and you will be taken to Pokhara by flight.

Come and Book this Tilicho lake trekking which consists of the high Altitude Lake, snow-covered mountain passes and mystical Mustang Muktinath Temple. 

Outline Itinerary
Day 01Arrived (TIA) Transfer to you Hotel Kathmandu.
Day 02Drive Kathmandu to Jagat around 8 hour drive.Overnight at lodge
Day 03Trek Jagat to Dharapani(1860m) overnight at lodge.
Day 04Trek Dharapani to Chame(2670M) overnight at Lodge.
Day 05Trek Chame to Pisang(3200m) overnight at Lodge.
Day 06Trek Pisang to Manang(3540m) overnight at Lodge.
Day 07Acclimatization day, Overnight at Lodge.
Day 08Trek to Khangsar (3,734m) / Sirikharka 5 / 6 hour walking overnight at lodge.
Day 09Trek to Tilicho Base Camp (4150m) 6 hour walking overnight at Lodge.
Day 10Trek Base Camp to Nama Phu (3510m) over the Masokanto La (5121m) overnight at tent.
Day 11Nama Phu trek to Jomsom (2713m) overnight at Lodge.
Day 12Jomsom Flight to Pokhara (850m) overninght at Lodge.
Day 13Drive to Kathmandu by tourist bus BB plan.
Day 14Leisure Day/Farewell Dinner
Day 15Depature.


What's included:

Airport pick-up and drop-off by private car/van/bus.
Jomsom-Pokhara by flight. 
3 nights accommodation in a 3-star (***) hotel in Kathmandu with the BB plan.
1-night accommodation in a 3-star (***) hotel in Pokhara with a BB plan.
Teahouse accommodations on the trek.
All Land transportation.
Full board meals during the trek (3 times/day tea or coffee, breakfast, lunch, and dinner).
Seasonal fruits during the trek.
Expert, experienced, friendly guide and porter as well as their food, accommodation, salary, equipment, and insurance.
Duffle bag for trek duration.
All permits and Tims (please bring a passport copy and photos).
Government tax, farewell dinner.


What's not included
International flight tickets.
Travel insurance.
Nepal entry visa.
Cold drinks, snacks, and personal equipment.
Tips for guide, porters and drivers.
Flight option from Pokhara in lieu of land transportation.