OverView:
Rara Lake is Nepal’s largest and deepest lake with an area of 10.8 sq. km at a height of 2,990 m. The beautiful serene lake is surrounded by an enchanting forest of blue pine, oaks, firs, and Himalayan spruce. Which makes an excellent habitat for mountain wild animals and exotic birdlife around the tranquil environment of Rara Lake. Rara Lake lies within Rara National Park, the smallest part of the country covering an area of 106 sq. km. Located in Nepal Far West within the Karnali Zone in the district of Mugu and Jumla, an ancient kingdom of the Malla regime. Where the Nepali language originated populated by Hindu tribes of Malla Thakuri and Rokyas Chettries and Dalits.

Rara Lake Trekking begins with a swift panoramic flight from Kathmandu reaching Nepal Far South West at Nepalgunj city airport. The air journey continues from Nepalgunj heading towards a mountainous and hilly region of Nepal Far North West at Jumla. The headquarter town of Jumla district, where adventurous walks take you to the remote countryside and around hill farm villages.


Outline Itinerary:
Day 01: Arrival in Kathmandu 1,320 m and transfer to hotel.
Day 02: In Kathmandu for trek preparation and fly to Nepalgunj.
Day 03: Fly to Jumla 2,540 m, trek to Chauriya Chaur 3,055 – 04 hrs.
Day 04: Trek on route Bota via Jaljala pass at 3,585 m – 06 hrs.
Day 05: Trek to Bota 2, 680m via Sinja Khola 2,440 m -06 hrs.
Day 06: Trek to Ghorasinga 3,050 m near Rara Lake – 06 hrs.
Day 07: Trek to Rara Lake 2,980 m – 06 hrs.
Day 08: At Rara Lake rest day for an excursion around the lake
Day 09: Trek to Talcha village 2, 260 m – 05 hrs.
Day 10: Fly to Kathmandu via Nepalgunj and transfer to the hotel.
Day 11: In Kathmandu free day at leisure.
Day 12: Depart Kathmandu for an international flight homeward bound.

Cost Includes
Complimentary airport pick up and drop off
Complimentary welcome dinner
Three-night stay on arrival in Kathmandu at a standard hotel with breakfast included (twin share basis)
All necessary trekking permits for Rara National Park, TIMS card, etc.
All accommodation during the trek
Three meals a day during the trek
Fresh fruit each day if and when available
Complementary  duffel bag/agency T-shirt
Government registered and first-aid trained professional local guide who speaks English
First-aid kit
Return connecting flights between Kathmandu, Nepalgunj and Jumla
Staff insurance, meals, accommodation, equipment, transportation, etc.
Rescue arrangements if necessary
Agency service charge and government tax/VAT
Certificate of achievement
Cost Not Included:
International airfare and  Nepal visa fee
Lunch and dinner in Kathmandu
Personal Insurance, personal expenses, loss of property and theft, etc.
Sightseeing costs (temples, monasteries, etc)
All beverages, snacks, and additional expenses such as laundry, hot showers, battery charging, wifi, etc
Tips to staff