OverView:
Gosaikunda Lake Trekking is one of the most popular cultural, lifestyle and customs of ethnic people of Himalaya as well as to explore vegetation and wildlife of the Langtang region of Rasuwa district Nepal. The trip to Gosaikunda, a beautiful trekking route lies in the north of Kathmandu valley which is very renowned for both Buddhist and Hindus devotees and followers. Where a lot of pilgrims visit Gosaikunda Lake every year, on the Full moon day of the Bhadra (August). The devotees are celebrating Janai Purnima Mela, thousands of people worshiping to Lord Shiva can espy. Langtang Gosaikunda is also known as the gorge of glaciers with the natural and traditional beauty, the boon for locals and travelers. The Langtang Region provides the chance to enjoy the eye-catching view of the hidden valley and awesome Himalaya vistas and the snow-covered mountains like Langtang Lirung, Langtang Ri, Ganesh Himal, LangsisaRi, DorjeLakpa, JugalHimal, Gauri Shankar and much more. The Langtang Gosaikunda Trek offers you to learn about an astonishing: the Himalayan people’s lifestyle and culture. In the Langtang region, you can observe a large number of ethnic communities, the mostly inhabitant of Tamang, Gurung, Sherpa and other tribes.

The 18 day long Langtang Gosaikunda strenuous trekking itinerary, takes us in the sacred region of Gosaikunda Lake and the beautiful Langtang valley. Visit the beautiful Langtang National Park and Langtang Valley with wonderful mountain views. The major attraction of Gosaikunda Lake trekking is the lush rhododendron, oak and bamboo forest, wild animals, majestic waterfalls, beautiful white giant mountains, holy lake, and river. Following the Trishuli River north out of Kathmandu city, this trail is the nearest trekking area from Kathmandu; the trekkers can get the all-natural and cultural experience of the Himalayan region. While trekking in the Langtang area you also see majestic and excellent views of Mount Everest (8848m), Manaslu, Annapurna, Gauri Shankar and much more.

Outline Itinerary

Day 01:Arrival in Kathmandu (1300m)

Day 02:Pre- trip meeting and Sightseeing in Kathmandu

Day 03:Drive to SyabruBesi (1550m) 145km/ 7hour

Day 04:Trek to Lama Hotel (2480m) 6hour

Day 05:Trek to Langtang Village (3430m) 6hour via GhoraTabela

Day 06:Trek to KyangjinGompa (3900m) 2- 3 hours

Day 07:Trek down to Lama Hotel (2480m) 5- 6 hours

Day 08:Trek to Thulo Syabru Village (2260m) 5- 6 hours

Day 09:Trek to Shin Gompa (3350m) 4- 5 hours

Day 10:Trek to Gosaikunda Lake (4380m) 5- 6 hours

Day 11:Trek to Gopte (3440m) 6- 8 hours

Day 12:Trek to Kutumsang (2470m) 6- 8 hours

Day 13:Trek to Chisapani (2215m) 6- 7 hours

Day 14:Trek to Sundarijal (1460m) and drive back to Kathmandu

Day 15:Free day in Kathmandu

Day 16:Final departure

Cost Details
COST INCLUDES
All airport /hotel transfers as per the itinerary.
Hotel Accommodation in Kathmandu three-star Hotel on Bed & Breakfast basis.
Kathmandu sightseeing tour with a professional guide.
Meals on full board (Breakfast, lunch, and dinner) and boils water in the mountain while trekking.
Available Local fresh fruits while on the trek. 
Teahouse and tented accommodation during the trekking and climbing.
Langtang National Park permits and TIMS permit for trekking.
Necessary staff with experience English Speaking guide, assistant climber, Necessary porters (We assign one porter for every two guests)
All ground transportation as per the itinerary by private vehicle.
Staff salary, insurance, equipment, flight, lodging, and fooding.
Exclusive and medical kit bag.
All Government and Local taxes.
All official expenses.


COST EXCLUDES
Nepal Visa fee (Bring accurate cash and four passport size Photographs)
International airfare to and from Nepal.
Excess luggage charge.
Your travel insurance (compulsory)
Extra night accommodation in Kathmandu
Altitude chamber (PAC) or Oxygen.
Personal trekking equipment (see the trekking equipment page).
All Personal Expenses (Phone call, Bar bills, Battery Recharge, Shower, and heater, etc)
Certain sightseeing/monument entrance fees.
Expenses incurred due to accidents, landslide, strikes, political unrest, etc.
Tips for guides, porters and driver, (Tipping is expected but not mandatory)
Any other expenses which are not mentioned in the above section.