OverView:
Langtang Valley Trek is a congenial delightful and ideal journey in the Langtang region. It is famous for providing exceptionally beautiful vistas of the mountains, native hidden culture, and Langtang Himalayas ranges. The Langtang Trekking Trail is an extremely beautiful and fascinating destination in Nepal. Which is not far from the capital city of Kathmandu and it’s just 137 Km far. Most of the way goes off the beaten trail in the Langtang Valley Trek. This Trek would provide you with the perfect opportunity to create an unforgettable experience on the Himalayas trip.

Expand All 

Day 01: Arrival in Kathmandu with transfer to the hotel.
Day 02: Drive to Syabrubesi 1,503 m -06 hrs
Day 03: Trek to Lama Hotel 2,450 m – 06 hrs.
Day 04: Trek to Langtang Village 3,430 m- 06 hrs.
Day 05: Trek to Kyanjing Gompa 3,830 m – 04 hrs.
Day 06: Rest and spare a day more in Kyanjing for a local excursion.
Day 07: Trek to Lama Hotel 2,450 m – 07 hrs.
Day 08: Trek to Syabrubesi -06 hrs.
Day 09: Drive to Kathmandu and transfer to hotel – 06 hrs.
Day 10: Final departure to homeward bound or to respective destinations.
COST INCLUDES
 Airport Pick up drop by private car.
 Two-night Boutique Hotel in Katmandu with breakfast.
 During the trek three times meals (Breakfast, lunch, and Dinner)
 Langtang National Park Permit.
Trekkers Information Management System (TIMS) Permit.
 Kathmandu to Syabru Besi, Syabru Besi to Kathmandu by sharing a jeep.
 Three cups of tea throughout the trek.
 During the trek fresh fruit.
 Government registers expert and knowledgeable guide (Including guide’s salary, meals,   accommodation & insurance)
 Nepal High Trek & Expedition’s down jacket, sleeping bag and duffle bag.  (If you needed)
 The arrangement of Emergency Helicopter service will be paid by your Travel insurance company.
 Medical supplies (first aid kit will be available).
Farewell Dinner.


COST EXCLUDES:
 Nepal entry visa fee (you may easily issue the visa upon your arrival at Tribhuwan International Airport – Kathmandu).
 Your Travel and rescue insurance.
US$ 150 for extra porter
 All the expenses in the mountain over than scheduled itinerary (due to strike, delay, or canceled flight)
 Extra night Hotel in Kathmandu if arrive early or late departure than scheduled Itinerary.
 All the Bar bills and personal expenses such as hot, phone calls, laundry service, battery recharge, a bottle of water, hot water, and shower.
 Tipping.