Overview:
Upper Mustang Trekking is one of the exciting and wonderful journeys into the high Himalayan land of western Nepal. The Upper Mustang Trekking region is similar to Tibet, where you can see thousand-year-old monastery, ancient culture and trade and the fortified wall that is also quite same as neighbor Tibet. This destination is popular for the ancient Buddhist kingdom of Lo. The region was closed before but it is opened for all now. The famous medieval wall city of Lo- Manthang, it is the private capital of Mustang still remains a Kingdom with full of culture and religious heritage. The Upper Mustang Trekking is known as the mystifying and slight acknowledged destination of Nepal. As Mustang is resting into the high Himalayas of Nepal, the proportion of rain is less than other parts of Nepal. This is the reason behind the sterile moonscape of windswept stonework and irregular terraces.

The Upper Mustang Trekking, which is situated in the shade of Himalayas, is possibly the final commune of faultless Tibetan culture. Despite prohibited and cut off from the world, people of Mustang have progress on their own mores and conventional cultures which seem so exclusive and affluent.  As all over the place in the Himalayas, this trekking area has offered brilliant sceneries painted by Annapurna and Dhaulagiri. In additional, trekkers will be enclosed with 35 plus mountains whose altitude is above 6,000 meters. The altitude of Mustang Trekking itself gets higher from 2,815 meters to 3,780 meters. The trekking grade of Upper Mustang Trekking is moderate whose elevated access is Lo- Manthang, exceeding to 3,840 meters, the mode of trekking is camping only. As trekkers will visualize the Himalayan vista of Fishtail, Lamjung Himal, Nilgiri and Hiunchuli with attractive landscapes of Mustang Valley it will take the breath of viewers.

Outline Itinerary
Day 01:Arrival in Kathmandu (1300m)

Day 02:Pre-trip meeting and city sightseeing in Kathmandu valley

Day 03:Drive to Pokhara from Kathmandu

Day 04:Flight to Jomsom (2720m) from Pokhara and Trek to Kagbeni (2810m) 3- 4 hour walk

Day 05:Trek to Chaile (3100m) around 7 hour walk

Day 06:Trek to Geling (3500m) around 6 hour walk

Day 07:Trek to Charang (3620m)

Day 08:Trek to Lo Manthang (3840m)

Day 09:Visit Namgyal Gompa and Tingkhar

Day 10:Trek to Dhi (3,410m)

Day 11:Trek to Tange (3,370m)

Day 12:Trek to Tetang / Chusang (3,022m)

Day 13:: Trek to Jomsom (2720m)

Day 14:Flight back to Pokhara from Jomsom

Day 15:Leisure day in Pokhara

Day 16:Drive to Kathmandu from Pokhara

Day 17:Final departure

Cost Details
COST INCLUDES
Hotel/ Airport pick up and drop by private tourist vehicle
Accommodation in standard twin sharing a three-star hotel on Bed and Breakfast basis in Kathmandu and Pokhara (3 nights)
Kathmandu valley tour with a professional guide by private tourist vehicle.
Ground transfer from and to Kathmandu (Kathmandu- Pokhara- Kathmandu) by private tourist vehicle.
Flight ticket for Pokhara- Jomsom- Pokhara with airport departure tax
Tended accommodation and equipment throughout the camping trek; (two-man tents, mattress, dining tents, dining table, Kitchen gear, shower tent, chairs, toilet tent etc)
We provide Breakfast, Lunch and dinner during the trek, which is prepared by our kitchen team and expert camping cook.
Local Nepal Glacier certified English speaking guide                        
The expenses of porters and mules to carry your luggage throughout the trek
All accommodation, food, equipment, medicine, and salary for all team
Special upper Mustang trekking permits US$500 per person for 10 days (this price only 10-day valid trek permit from Kagbeni to Kagbeni). If you want to visit more than 10 days in this restricted area, you need to pay extra for extra days (US$50 per day/ per person)
Annapurna conservation area permit and all necessary permits
Sightseeing and Monument entrance fees in Pokhara and Kathmandu
All our government vat and taxes
All official expenses and tourist service charges

COST EXCLUDES
Lunch and dinner while in Kathmandu and Pokhara
Travel insurance (it covers emergency evacuation and rescue
International airfare from and to Kathmandu and airport departure tax
Nepal entry visa; you can get a visa easily upon your arrival at Tribhuvan International Airport (TIA) in Kathmandu. (Tourist visa can be obtained by paying US$25 or equal foreign currency for 15 days, similarly US$40 or equal foreign currency for 30 days and US$100 or equal foreign currency for 90 days. Do not forget to bring two copies of passport size photograph.
Personal expenses such as personal trekking equipment, Alcoholic and cold drinks
Tips for trekking guide, all staff, and driver (Tips is not compulsory but expected)
Any others expenses which are not mentioned in the 'Price Includes' section.